

                    Eigenlabs Licence Notice

The items in this directory are not covered under the GPL, but under the normal 
Eigenlabs license.  Permission is granted to use them in solely association with
Eigenlabs Hardware.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY  BEFORE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE: This
licence agreement (Licence) is a legal agreement between you (Licensee or you)
and Eigenlabs Ltd of Uphill Farm, Ponsworthy, Ashburton, Devon, TQ13 7PH, UK.
(Licensor or we) for this Eigenlabs software product (Software), which includes
the Eigenharp software and firmware, the EigenD system, associated media and/or
content including Samples, Loops, Audio files and other data, third party
software, data and content,  printed materials, video files and online OR
electronic documentation (Documentation) to be used with your Eigenharp.

THIS SOFTWARE REQUIRES A COMPATIBLE COMPUTER AND OPERATING SYSTEM DETAILS OF
WHICH MAY BE FOUND ON THE EIGENLABS WEBSITE AT ANY TIME. BY CLICKING ON THE
"AGREE" BUTTON BELOW YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE WHICH WILL BIND
YOU.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, WE ARE UNWILLING TO
LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE INSTALLATION OF THE
SOFTWARE NOW BY CLICKING ON THE "DISAGREE" BUTTON BELOW. IN THIS CASE YOU MUST
RETURN THE MEDIUM ON WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS STORED AND ALL ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION TO THE RETAILER WHERE YOU PURCHASED THEM, TOGETHER WITH PROOF OF
PAYMENT WITHIN 10 DAYS OF PURCHASE. IF YOU DO THIS YOUR LICENCE FEE (WHICH IS
INCLUDED IN THE PURCHASE PRICE OF YOUR EIGENHARP INSTRUMENT) WILL BE REFUNDED.
IF YOU PURCHASED THIS SOFTWARE FROM AN AUTHORISED THIRD-PARTY RETAILER, PLEASE
NOTE THAT THE RETAILER HAS THE RIGHT TO ENTER INTO THIS LICENCE ON OUR BEHALF.

Grant and scope of licence

In consideration of you agreeing to abide by the terms of this Licence OR the
payment of the licence fee (which is part of the price you pay your supplier
for this package), the Licensor hereby grants to you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable licence to use the Software and the Documentation on the terms
of this Licence. 

You may:

install and use the Software and Content for use with Eigenharps owned by you; 

make one copy of the Software for back-up purposes only, provided that this is
necessary for the normal use of your Eigenharp;

Receive and use any free supplementary software code or updates of the Software
incorporating "patches" and corrections of errors as may be provided by the
Licensor from time to time;

use any Documentation in support of the use permitted under Condition 1.1 and
make one copy of the Documentation as reasonably necessary for its lawful use.

Licensee's undertakings

Except as expressly set out in this Licence or as permitted by any local law,
you undertake: 

not to copy the Software or Documentation except where such copying is
incidental to normal use of the Software or where it is necessary for the
purpose of back-up or operational security;

not to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, translate, merge, adapt, vary or modify
the Software or Documentation;

not to make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or any part of the
Software nor permit the Software or any part of it to be combined with, or
become incorporated in, any other programs;

not to disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer or create derivative works
based on the whole or any part of the Software nor attempt to do any such
things except to the extent that (by virtue of section 296A of the Copyright,
Designs and Patents Act 1988) such actions cannot be prohibited because they
are essential for the purpose of achieving inter-operability of the Software
with another software program, and provided that the information obtained by
you during such activities:

is used only for the purpose of achieving inter-operability of the Software
with another software program;

is not disclosed or communicated without the Licensor's prior written consent
to any third party to whom it is not necessary to disclose or communicate it;
and

is not used to create any software which is substantially similar to the
Software;

to keep all copies of the Software secure and to maintain accurate and
up-to-date records of the number and locations of all copies of the Software;

to include the copyright notice of the Licensor on all entire and partial
copies of the Software in any form; and

not to provide, or otherwise make available, the Software in any form, in whole
or in part (including, but not limited to, program listings, object and source
program listings, object code and source code) to any person without prior
written consent from the Licensor.

REGISTRATION

The Licensor's registration scheme provides a number of benefits including
access to Software updates and the appropriate support services to your
instrument. To register the purchase of the physical medium on which the
Software is recorded or fixed, you must go to the Eigenlabs website and
activate your support account using the activation card included with your
Eigenharp.

Intellectual property rights

You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Software and the
Documentation throughout the world either belong to the Licensor or that the
Licensor has a right to grant a sub-licence of such rights to you, that rights
in the Software are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no rights in,
or to, the Software or the Documentation other than the right to use them in
accordance with the terms of this Licence.  You own the Eigenharp on which the
Software and Content is installed but the Licensor and/ or our licensors retain
ownership of the Software and Content itself.

The terms of this Licence will govern any Software upgrades provided by the
Licensor that replace or supplement the original software product, unless such
upgrade is accompanied by a separate licence in which case the terms of that
licence will govern.

You acknowledge that you have no right to have access to the Software in source
code form or in unlocked coding or with comments.

The integrity of parts of this Software is protected by technical protection
measures (TPM) so that the intellectual property rights, including copyright,
in the Software of the Licensor are not misappropriated.  You must not attempt
in any way to remove or circumvent any such TPM, nor to apply, manufacture for
sale, hire, import, distribute, sell, nor let, offer, advertise or expose for
sale or hire, nor have in your possession for private or commercial purposes,
any means whose sole intended purpose is to facilitate the unauthorised removal
or circumvention of such TPM.

Warranty

The Licensor warrants that:

the medium on which the Software is stored and distributed is (at the time it
is purchased), and will be for the period of 90 days after the original date of
retail purchase (Warranty Period), free from defects in design, material and
workmanship under normal use.  If a defect in the medium occurs during the
Warranty Period, your exclusive remedy shall be a replacement of the Software
provided you return it to the Licensor with proof of purchase and (so far as
you are able) a documented example of such defect or error;

You acknowledge that the Software has not been developed to meet your
individual requirements and that it is therefore your responsibility to ensure
that the facilities and functions of the Software as described in the
Documentation meet your requirements.

You acknowledge that the Software may not be free of bugs or errors and you
agree that the existence of any minor errors shall not constitute a breach of
this Licence.

If, within the Warranty Period, you notify the Licensor in writing of any
defect or fault in the Software in consequence of which it fails to perform
substantially in accordance with the Documentation, and such defect or fault
does not result from you having amended the Software or used it in
contravention of the terms of this Licence, the Licensor will, at its sole
option, repair or replace the Software, provided that you make available all
information that may be necessary to assist the Licensor in resolving the
defect or fault, including sufficient information to enable the Licensor to
recreate the defect or fault.

Licensor's liability

Nothing in this Licence shall limit or exclude the liability of either party
for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, for fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation.

Subject this condition the Licensor shall have no liability for any of the
following losses or damage suffered by you (whether such losses or damage were
foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with
this Licence (including any liability for the acts or omissions of its
employees, agents and subcontractors), whether arising in contract, tort
(including negligence), misrepresentation or otherwise: loss of income; loss of
business profits or contracts; business interruption; loss of the use of money
or anticipated savings; loss of information; loss of opportunity, goodwill or
reputation; loss of, damage to or corruption of data; or any indirect or
consequential loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising and whether caused
by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise;

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE AND SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU

Subject to these conditions the Licensor's maximum aggregate liability under or
in connection with this Licence, or any collateral contract, whether in
contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall be limited to a sum
equal to the licence fee paid by you. 

Subject to the above conditions, the Licensor's liability for infringement of
third party intellectual property rights shall be limited to breaches of rights
subsisting in the UK.

This Licence sets out the full extent of the Licensor's obligations and
liabilities in respect of the supply of the Software and Documentation.  In
particular, there are no conditions, warranties, representations or other
terms, express or implied, that are binding on the Licensor except as
specifically stated in this Licence.  Any condition, warranty, representation
or other term concerning the supply of the Software and Documentation which
might otherwise be implied into, or incorporated in, this Licence, or any
collateral contract, whether by statute, common law or otherwise, is hereby
excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET OUT IN THIS LICENCE GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS,
AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION.  SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS
ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER AND SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Termination

The Licensor may terminate this Licence immediately by written notice to you if
you commit a material or persistent breach of this Licence which you fail to
remedy (if remediable) within 14 days after the service on you of written
notice requiring you to do so.

Upon termination for any reason:

all rights granted to you under this Licence shall cease; you must cease all
activities authorised by this Licence; you must immediately pay to the Licensor
any sums due to the Licensor under this Licence; and you must immediately
delete or remove the Software from your Eigenharp and immediately destroy or
return to the Licensor (at the Licensor's option) all copies of the Software
then in your possession, custody or control and, in the case of destruction,
certify to the Licensor that you have done so.

Transfer of rights and obligations

This Licence is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and
assigns.  You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of this
Licence, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our
prior written consent.  The Licensor may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract
or otherwise dispose of this Licence, or any of his rights or obligations
arising under it, at any time during the term of the Licence.

Notices

All notices given by you to the Licensor must be given to Eigenlabs Ltd at
Uphill Farm, Ponsworthy, Ashburton, Devon, TQ13 7PH, UK.  The Licensor may give
notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provided when
registering the Software. Notice will be deemed received and properly served 24
hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any
letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove,
in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and
placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to
the specified e-mail address of the addressee.

Waiver

If the Licensor fails, at any time during the term of this Licence, to insist
on strict performance of any of your obligations under this Licence, or if the
Licensor fails to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which he is
entitled under this Licence, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights
or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.

A waiver by the Licensor of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any
subsequent default.

No waiver by the Licensor of any of these terms and conditions shall be
effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to
you in writing.

Severability

If any of the terms of this Licence are determined by any competent authority
to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or
provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions
and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted
by law.

Entire agreement

This Licence and any document expressly referred to in it represents the entire
agreement between us in relation to the licensing of the Software and
Documentation and supersedes any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement
between us, whether oral or in writing.

We each acknowledge that, in entering into this Licence, neither of us has
relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or
implied from anything said or written in negotiations between us before
entering into this Licence except as expressly stated in this Licence.

Neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by
the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date we entered into this
Licence (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other
party's only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in this
Licence.

Law and jurisdiction

This Licence, its subject matter or its formation (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
English law and submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English
courts. 
