# Removing connections from pedal output 3 into other recorder pedal inputs for sampler 3
# ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

empty join
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 1 kgroup output 109 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 10 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 11 kgroup output 34 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 2 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 3 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 4 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 5 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 6 kgroup output 54 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 7 kgroup output 49 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 8 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 1 from kgroup 9 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 1 kgroup output 109 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 10 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 11 kgroup output 34 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 2 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 3 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 4 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 5 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 6 kgroup output 54 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 7 kgroup output 49 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 8 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 2 from kgroup 9 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 1 kgroup output 109 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 10 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 11 kgroup output 34 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 2 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 3 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 4 kgroup output 84 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 5 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 6 kgroup output 54 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 7 kgroup output 49 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 8 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
recorder 3 pedal input 4 from kgroup 9 kgroup output 19 pedal output 3 un connect
